0, cana eana eaha eafa aana eana eaha eafa aana aafa aafa aafa aafa
aafa aafa aafa aaha aaha aaja iaba iaja iaja aaha aaha aafa aafa aafa
aafa;
1, naaa naaa haaa faaa naaa naaa haaa faaa naaa faaa faaa faaa faaa
faaa faaa faaa haaa haaa jaaa baaa jaaa jaaa haaa haaa faaa faaa faaa
faaa;
2, aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea
aaea;
3, eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa;
4, eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga aaoa aaga aaga aaga aaga
aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga aada aada aada aada aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga
aaga;
5, gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa oaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa daaa daaa daaa daaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa;
6, aama aama aaga aaea aama aama aaga aaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aafa aafa aaea aaea aaea aaea aafa aafa aaea aaea aaea
aaea;
7, mama mama gaga eaea mama mama gaga eaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaba
aaba aaba aaba faaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa faaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa;
8, mafa mana gana eana mafa mana gana eana aana aafa aafa aafa baea
baea baea baea aaga aaga aafa aafa aafa aafa aaga aaga aafa aafa aafa
aafa;
9, faaa naaa naaa naaa faaa naaa naaa naaa naaa faaa faaa faaa eaaa
eaaa eaaa eaaa gaaa gaaa faaa faaa faaa faaa gaaa gaaa faaa faaa faaa
faaa;
10, aafa aafa aafa aafa aafa aana aana aana aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea
aaea;
11, faea faea faea faea faea naea naea naea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaba
aaba aaba aaba eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa;
12, eaga eaga eaoa eaga eaga eaga eaoa eaga aaga aaga aaga aaga baga
baga baoa baoa aaga aaga aada aada aada aada aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga
aaga;
13, gaea gaaa oaaa gaaa gaea gaaa oaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa oaaa oaaa gaaa gaaa daaa daaa daaa daaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa;
14, eaea aaea aaea aaea eaea aaea aaea aaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aafa aafa aaea aaea aaea aaoa aafa aaja aaea aaea aaea
aafa;
15, eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea aaja aaja aaba aaba aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa faaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa oaaa faaa jaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
faaa;
16, eana eana eaha eafa eana eana eaha eafa jaea jaea baea baea aaea
aaea aaea aaea aaga aaga aabb aaba aabb aaba aaga aaga aafa aafa aafa
aafa;
17, naaa naaa haaa faaa naaa naaa haaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa eaaa eaaa gaaa gaaa bbaa baaa bbaa baaa gaaa gaaa faaa faaa faaa
faaa;
18, aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea aaea
aaea;
19, eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea eaea aaja aaja aaba aaba aaaa
aaaa aaba aaba eaaa eaaa eaab eaaa eaab eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa;
20, eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga jaca jaca baca baca aaga
aaga baga baga aaga aaga abda aada abda aada aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga
aaga;
21, gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa caaa caaa caaa caaa gaaa
gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa daaa daaa daaa daaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa;
22, aama aama aaga aaea aama aaga aaga aaea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aafa aafa aaea aaea aaea aaea aafa aaja aaea aaea aaea
aaea;
23, mama maea gaga eama mama gaea gaga eaea aaja aaja aaba aaba aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa faaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa faaa jaaa eaaa eaaa eaaa
eaaa;
24, mafa eana gana mafa mafa eana gana eana jana jana bafa bafa aafa
aafa aafa aafa aaga aaga aabb aaba aabb aada aaga aaca aafa aafa aafa
aafa;
25, faaa naaa naaa faaa faaa naaa naaa naaa naaa naaa faaa faaa faaa
faaa faaa faaa gaaa gaaa bbaa baaa bbaa daaa gaaa caca faaa faaa faaa
faaa;
26, aafa aafa aafa aafa aafa aana aana aafa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aafa aafa aaea aaea aaea aaca aafa caaa aaea aaea aaea
aaca;
27, faea faea faea faea faea naea naea faea aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa faaa faaa eaaa eaaa eaaa caaa faaa aaca eaaa eaaa eaaa
caaa;
28, eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga eaga aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga
aaga aaga aaga aaga aaga aada aada aada aada aaga caca aaga aaga aaga
aaaa;
29, gaea gaea gaaa gaaa gafa gafa gada gaba gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa gaaa daaa daaa daaa daaa gaaa caaa gaaa gaaa gaaa
aaaa;
30, eaea eaea aaea aaia faea faea daea baia aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa aafa aaja aaia aaia aaia aaca aafa aaja aaea aama aaea
aaca;
31, eaea eaea eaea iaaa eaea eaea eaea iaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa aaaa
aaaa aaaa aaaa faaa jaaa iaia iaia iaia caaa faaa jaaa eaaa maaa eaaa
caca;
